Update quick start and developer's guide (#631)
vhive-serverless/vHive: docs/developers_guide.md

kn service apply
```

> To deploy a function, please create and use your own YAML files following this guide:
> 
> https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/main/code-samples/serving/hello-world/helloworld-python#yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a function in the stock or gVisor execution environment, please create and use your own YAML files following this [example](https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/main/code-samples/serving/hello-world/helloworld-python#yaml)
```
